lib,test,tools: rename blacklist/whitelist to denylist/allowlist (#33813)
nodejs/node: test/common/README.md

### `NODE_TEST_KNOWN_GLOBALS`

A comma-separated list of variables names that are appended to the global

> variable allowlist. Alternatively, if `NODE_TEST_KNOWN_GLOBALS` is set to `'0'`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variable allow-list. Alternatively, if `NODE_TEST_KNOWN_GLOBALS` is set to `'0'`,
```
